"Huma Qureshi": {
        "Weight (approx.)": "in kilograms - 70 kg, in pounds - 154 lbs",
        "Figure Measurements (approx.)": "36-30-38",
        "Eye Colour": "Black",
        "Hair Colour": "Black"
    }

Body Type Analysis of Taapsee Pannu
Taapsee Pannu is celebrated for her athletic and toned figure, characterized by a balanced and rectangular body type. Her shoulders and hips are of similar width, creating a sleek silhouette that allows her to carry a variety of styles with confidence. Taapsee’s height and strong presence enable her to experiment with an array of fashion choices, from chic western wear to traditional ethnic attire, all of which highlight her dynamic personality.

Her fashion journey reflects her fearless attitude toward self-expression and individuality. Taapsee often opts for outfits that emphasize her athletic build, such as structured dresses, stylish jumpsuits, and elegant lehengas that embody both modernity and tradition. Known for her trendy and bold fashion statements, she seamlessly combines comfort and style, making her a fashion icon in the industry.

Skin Tone Analysis of Taapsee Pannu
Taapsee has a warm, medium complexion with golden undertones, giving her skin a vibrant and fresh appearance. This warm tone allows her to explore various makeup styles and fashion choices, enhancing her natural beauty. Her complexion is often described as radiant and lively, making her a prominent figure in both film and fashion circles.

Colour Analysis of Taapsee Pannu
Considering her warm skin tone with golden undertones, Taapsee can wear a broad spectrum of colors that flatter her beauty. Some of the most suitable shades for her include:

Warm Neutrals:

Creamy Beige: A soft, neutral shade that accentuates her warmth.
Toffee Brown: A rich, warm brown that complements her complexion beautifully.
Peachy Pink: A light, warm pink that adds a fresh, youthful glow.
Jewel Tones:

Crimson Red: A bold red that brings out her vibrant personality.
Teal Blue: A striking blue-green that enhances her features.
Amethyst Purple: A deep purple that exudes elegance and sophistication.
Unique Earthy Tones:

Copper: A warm metallic tone that adds a touch of glamour to her look.
Burnt Orange: A rich, warm orange that resonates with her lively spirit.
Moss Green: A muted green that beautifully complements her warm undertones.